update: Valkey memory management doc (#1530)
aiven/aiven-docs: docs/products/valkey/concepts/memory-usage.md

## High memory and high change rate behavior

For all new Aiven for Valkey services, the `maxmemory` setting is configured to **70% of

> available RAM** (minus management overhead) plus 5% for replication log for multi-node

Reviewer: ```suggestion
available RAM** (minus management overhead) plus 5% for the replication backlog for multi-node
```

The right name is "replication backlog"
